## Ontology and Knowledge Graph-based Product Data for Sustainable Buildings: A Case of Data Integration and Digital Product Passport 

Abstract

With the growing adoption of Building Information Modeling (BIM) in the architecture, engineering, and construction (AEC) industry, manufacturers are required to distribute their product specifications in digital product models. Currently, proprietary formats such as BIM objects supplemented by PDF documents are predominantly used, but these formats do not support flexible automated product search and data integration. This study explores the use of semantic web technologies for product data integration. By semantically representing product data linked with global standards, building designers can efficiently search for products that meet their specific requirements. Additionally, given the industry’s significant impact on resource consumption and waste production, there is a call for a shift towards a circular economy model. This study explores solutions to this challenge by expanding the scope of product integration to include the creation of ontology and knowledge graph-based digital product passports (DPPs), which serve as extensive digital records of a product’s lifecycle. A method is proposed to facilitate the automated integration of product data in BIM platforms, eliminating the need for manual entry of product data into BIM software. Furthermore, a modular ontological approach was adopted to systematically capture lifecycle information of products from origin to end-of-life to ensure interoperability and reusability of the DPP ontology. A literature review and interviews were conducted to identify information requirements for DPPs. The research outcome demonstrates the feasibility of using semantic web technologies and modular ontologies to manage complex product information to promote more sustainable management practices in the built environment sector.
   
Keywords: BIM, Information requirements, Product data, Semantic web technologies, Ontology, Knowledge graphs, Design science 
